Update production with latest fixes (#177)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2-C028: README.md

 export JAVA_OPTS="$JAVA_OPTS -DPRINT_BASE_URL=\"/mapstore3/pdf\""
 
 ```

> ### Release
> 
> First: We update the project by updating the submodule to a specific stable branch
> Second: After a deploy has been tested we create a tag version.
> 
> #### Tag name
> 
> For test the convention for the tag name is: v[major].[minor].[patch]-rc
> example: v1.1.5-rc
> 
> For production the convention for the tag name is: v[major].[minor].[patch]
> example: v1.1.5
> 
> Note that if the update is big enough you can increase the minor with a patch set to 0, otherwise just increase the patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release

MapStore update procedure: 

1. Update the project by updating the submodule to a specific stable branch, and apply the needed changes (see migration guide of MapStore).
2. After a deploy has been tested create a new tag version.

#### Tag name

For test (master) the convention for the tag names is: `v[major].[minor].[patch]-rc`
example: `v1.1.5-rc`

For production the convention for the tag names is: `v[major].[minor].[patch]`
example: `v1.1.5`

**Note**: The major here represent a very big change to the application. For normal updates (e.g. New MapStore version) increase the `minor` version number, for a fix, increase the `patch `number.
```
